Feat: aineko dream CLI (#105)
aineko-dev/aineko: docs/aineko_dream.md

# Aineko Dream

> Aineko Dream is the quickest way to get started with Aineko pipelines by leveraging the power of generative AI to create a starter Aineko pipeline based on your use case. 

Reviewer: I would make this more concise and use the active voice. Using Aineko 3 times sounds too repetitive imo.

```suggestion
Aineko Dream leverages the power of generative AI to create a starter Aineko pipeline based on your use case. 
```

## Generating a Project

To generate a project, invoke the Aineko Dream CLI with a prompt with:

```bash
poetry run aineko dream "create a pipeline that scrapes twitter and analyses the results to identify trends" "API-KEY"
```

> replacing `API-KEY` with a valid Aineko Dream API key. Contact support@aineko.dev to get an API key to try this feature.

Reviewer: Linking to Slack here also might be good. A general response time is also helpful (ie expect a response within 72 hours)
